"patterns":[
  "Persistent sadness", "low mood", "loss of interest", "fatigue","low energy","Feeling worthless",
  "Feeling guilt","Tearfulness", "frequent crying","concentration difficulty","difficulty making decisions",
  "appetite change (weight gain, weight loss)","sleep disturbances (insomnia, oversleeping)","psychomotor agitation", 
  "self-harm thought","hopeless","recurrent thought of death", "suicide", "physical pain without clear cause", 
  "social withdrawal", "low self-esteem","poor personal hygiene","self harm"
]
"response":["I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. Persistent sadness can be really hard to cope with. It's important to know that you're not alone, and talking about it can sometimes help. Would you like to share more about what's been on your mind?",
    "It sounds like you're having a tough time with your mood right now. Feeling low can be really draining. If you’d like, I can suggest a few ways to help lift your spirits, or we can talk more about what's causing you to feel this way.",
    "It must be frustrating to lose interest in things that once brought you joy. When that happens, it's easy to feel disconnected. Do you want to talk about the things that used to excite you, or would you like some suggestions for small activities to ease back into?",
    "It sounds like you're feeling really tired, physically or emotionally. Fatigue can often come with stress or emotional strain. Sometimes it helps to take small breaks or practice some relaxation techniques. Would you like to try a quick relaxation exercise?",
    "Low energy can make everything feel much harder. Have you been able to get enough rest lately? Sometimes small changes in routine or incorporating a little physical activity can help recharge your energy levels. Would you like some tips?",
    "I’m so sorry you're feeling worthless. Please know that you matter, and those feelings don’t define who you are. It can help to talk about what's causing these thoughts. Do you want to explore this together?",
    "Feeling guilty can weigh heavily on your heart. Sometimes, it helps to ask ourselves if we’ve been too harsh on ourselves. Would you like to talk more about the specific situation you're feeling guilty about?",
    "It seems like you're going through a lot of emotional pain right now, and crying can be a natural release. It's okay to feel like this. Sometimes, crying helps to process those overwhelming emotions. Would you like to share more about what’s making you feel this way?",
    "It seems like you're feeling overwhelmed right now, and frequent crying can be a way your body expresses that. It's okay to let it out, but if you'd like, we can explore ways to manage your emotions. Would that be helpful?",
    "Struggling to concentrate can make everything feel even harder. Sometimes stress or overwhelming emotions can cloud our focus. Have you been able to take breaks or get some fresh air? Maybe we can try some focus exercises together.",
    "It sounds like making decisions is tough right now. When anxiety or stress builds up, it can be hard to know what’s the best choice. Would you like to talk through the options together, or maybe take a step back and think about what’s most important to you?",
    "It sounds like your appetite has been changing, which can be a sign of stress or emotional strain. Changes in eating habits often happen when we're feeling down. Would you like to talk about how your appetite has been changing, or how you’ve been feeling about food recently?",
    "I hear you're having trouble with sleep, whether it's falling asleep or sleeping too much. Sleep problems are common when we're stressed or feeling down. Maybe we can discuss some techniques to help you relax before bed. Would you like to try something together?",
    "I understand you're feeling restless or like you can't stay still. This can be really frustrating. Sometimes, physical activity like a walk or deep breathing exercises can help release that excess energy. Want to try something like that?",
    "I'm really sorry you're feeling this way, and I’m glad you reached out. It's really important to talk to someone you trust, whether it's a friend, family member, or a professional. If you're feeling like you're in immediate danger, please reach out to a helpline or a mental health professional.",
    "Hopelessness can feel so overwhelming, like there's no way out. I want you to know that even in tough times, there are people who care about you and want to help. Do you want to talk about what’s making you feel this way? Together, we can explore ways to find some hope again.",
    "I'm really sorry you're feeling this way. It's really important to reach out to someone who can offer support. If you're in immediate danger or need help, please contact a crisis helpline or a 
]